UR 590
EN 1000
--------------daily spoken sentences
There's loads to do today.

--yeh (to) aapka badappan hai
it's your greatness.
it's your nobility.
it's modest of you.
it's your magnanimity
it's so magnanimous of you

--talking about clothes
the shirt's buttons come undone repeatedly.
------------------------------------------------

I haven't eaten properly for (many) days - eat
I was born of/to Indian parents - born
The place gives me an air of spirituality - air

--bike, by
She got on her bike and rode off
We had to push our bikes up the hill

it was raining hard when we set off
It was raining harder than ever

Can you show me an example of what you mean?  

Whenever something goes wrong, everyone blames it on me.  
You can hardly blame Peter for being angry with her.  
Why is he blaming others for his problems?  

He has demonstrated exceptional commitment and dedication.  
I was saddened to see their lack of commitment.  
A career as an actor requires one hundred per cent commitment. 
She was criticized for her lack of commitment.   
Not everyone will be happy with this level of commitment.  

entire
the entire process takes less than 15 minutes
this is a great workout for the entire body
I have never in my entire life heard such nonsense!
They have only won six games the entire season
I wasted an entire day on it
You two are her favourite people in the entire world


The topic interests me very much.
She tried to interest the director in her plan.  
It may interest you to know that Andy didn't accept the job.  
Politics doesn't interest me.  

Muhammad has gone on leave for two weeks
She divided the candies equally among the children


recommended words to learn
spiritual home

--use humour to make points
He uses humour to make his points

------what's wrong with doing something
I wish people wouldn't play loud music on the train. What's wrong with using headphones?

-----it's not as if
"She's really old, but she still gives concerts." "Why does she bother? It's not as if she needs the money (use koi paiso waison ki zarurat thodi na hai)."


-----Jobs & Employement
He works in insurance.
She's in insurance.

------Topic (doing what one promises, says or is supposed to do)
man of one's words
honor (v s3)

--------Pronunciation Difference and Confusions
record (verb) = /rɪˈkɔːd/, /rɪˈkɔːrd/
record (noun) = /ˈrekɔːd/, /ˈrekərd/

60741- 70291
from languages.models import Dictionary
for x in range(60742,70205):
    Dictionary.objects.get(pk=x).delete()

from languages.models import Dictionary, Fav
for x in range(60742,70291):
    word = Dictionary.objects.get(pk=x)
    Fav.objects.create(word=word)